hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be vlogging because I've got quite a
lovely day planned so it's currently
10:30 and I've been writing for the
whole of the morning pretty much and now
I'm going to tackle this washing up
before I leave my train which is at
11:30 and we're leaving at 11:00 because
my that said she's going to drop me off
at the train station and yes I'm just
gonna pop you up
[Music]
[Applause]
it's very sure you wanna go it's got a
very wide free though so hopefully you
are you gonna say I am currently here
with the amazing Molly who on Instagram
everyone did gas that I received yes
everyone guest on my are in London and
we are just going for lunch and a bit
sorry sorry I just gonna keep on - I
know it's weird because you're not
necessarily used to I know them together
I know with anyone I notice I don't know
I'm vlogging because I can't like see my
it sounds really bait to see myself I
got my own room it is strange to both of
us but it's nicely but it doesn't hurt
yeah it's like time you know thing and
we're going to two bits and then we're
going to the old back to watch a monster
pools which I know sexy it is a pair it
based on the third okay see you in the
mood
[Music]
[Applause]
not speaking is it I get a Fiji okay
bewegen
eldery an update and not sure yeah and
the cousin of there's a peanut one
specialist with underwater sonar the
chicken I love this toy friendlies
I will be surprised if I even regret
anything how amazing districts look I am
thoroughly impressed want to a
discussion meeting
so we are off now
yes it is is it oh yeah we're going to
so we are here a monster cool we have
made it amazing food and our amazing map
skills getting here which is not so
rusty after my yes fix prices paid up
[Music]
mommy doesn't catch
this amazing stage and it's amazing see
ladies let's see there were mass
quantities
so here we are at the interview
what do you think Holly Sophia I love it
I never come to see place I always come
to music with it's really good you heard
Tom please I know I'm gonna come see one
place
[Music]
so we're in the park at the moment we
found them about the play we haven't
even been to that it was so good losing
I don't see plays and it's definitely
exceed
pretty emotional just really moving
really high felt like I didn't really
feel things so easily because I was you
know it was very young alternative I was
just saying yeah
it was with the roof yeah it was really
abstract abstract after abstract intense
emotionally-charged it was great
ten out of ten
[Music]
[Applause]
we can take some good photos in this
amazing it's not really the most
so unfortunately
[Music]
it's another folks
I disappear by you I thought it was cool
South Park episode I don't worry
I forgot something else on topic that
does a really roll of the tongue above
sake we will read it very nice day great
lunch and great play people that we have
to say goodbye really unfortunately also
make sure to go and watch Holly's like
as well because if you couldn't tell
we've both been vlogging today so you
can see it from two different
perspectives a longer video more content
I know
hi so everyone on the Ruby ranges shut
up
yeah Marylebone and I'm just getting a
train out at home my train is a mile
I've got about 15 minutes to 8:00 last
not too long
I have to take a bunch of you it just
but we had a really great time and I'm
sure that we will miss out together and
vlog addition in the future by out a
tiny bit out of breath for because I
just ran up the stairs because the ones
the tube I always just go up the stairs
because it's good to get that extra
little bit of exercise instead of going
on the escalator
I'm spent even out of breath